feat: new tailwind preset package (#3829)
kiwicom/orbit: packages/orbit-tailwind-preset/README.md

# Orbit tailwind preset

This package contains the Orbit Tailwind presets.

Currently, there are two presets available:

> - `orbitPreset` - Orbit's foundation styles, including typography, colors, spacing, etc.

Reviewer: Should we mention this is the default export? Or maybe we can decide not to have default exports, so all exports are named and explicitly imported 💭

Author: hm, inside usage there is an example that's showing it as default

Reviewer: Yes, I saw it. But it happened to me in the past 😄 when trying to use this on another repository I was trying to import this name just to later find out that I should import it as default. I think something as simple as this should be enough and clarifying
```suggestion
- `orbitPreset` **(default export)** - Orbit's foundation styles, including typography, colors, spacing, etc.
```

- `orbitComponentsPreset` - Orbit's component tokens. This preset is mainly for Orbit's internal usage and
  migration to Tailwind. It already includes the `orbitPreset` and adds component-level tokens.

## Installation

```bash
yarn add -D @kiwicom/orbit-tailwind-preset
```

or with npm:

```bash
npm install --save-dev @kiwicom/orbit-tailwind-preset
```

## Usage

In your `tailwind.config.js` file, add the following:

```js
const orbitPreset = require("@kiwicom/orbit-tailwind-preset");

module.exports = {
  presets: [orbitPreset],
};
```

> We also have preset with component tokens, which means to be used inside Orbit components. In case you need to use our component-level tokens, add the `orbitComponentsPreset` to your `tailwind.config.js` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also have a preset with component tokens, which is meant to be used inside Orbit components. In case you need to use our component-level tokens, add the `orbitComponentsPreset` to your `tailwind.config.js` file:
```

Author: now :)

```js
const { orbitComponentsPreset } = require("@kiwicom/orbit-tailwind-preset");

module.exports = {
  presets: [
    orbitComponentsPreset({
      // Enable normalizing of the browser's default styles, which is disabled by default
      disabledPreflight: false,
    }),
  ],
};
```

> 

Reviewer: Wasn't there more documentation text here? I feel this is missing a connection between this and the snippet below... I feel it only tells how to import the preset but then not how to use it. It just has a snippet that seems a bit out of context and short. WDYT?

Author: Im planning to do that in separate MR :) adding more docs
